l10n_th_account_tax_branch_operating_unit/README.rst, before:

=============================================
Thai Localization - Tax Branch Operating Unit
=============================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:667a8b6aba2e612a82eb5f5900f077ef24df5ba7f5041155bb4b9be4d8ae62d8
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fl10n--thailand-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/tree/15.0/l10n_th_account_tax_branch_operating_unit
    :alt: OCA/l10n-thailand
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/l10n-thailand-15-0/l10n-thailand-15-0-l10n_th_account_tax_branch_operating_unit
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/l10n-thailand&target_branch=15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module is used for companies with multiple branches to accurately separate financial reporting by branch.

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Create tax branch each operating unit,

* Go to *Settings > Users & Companies > Tax Branch Operating Units*
* Create new tax branch code for master data
* Go to *Settings > Users & Companies > Operating Units*
* Select Tax Branch in Operating Unit

Usage
=====

Tax Invoice
===========

Add a Branch to be included in the VAT recording (including undue) and allow users to edit it

Withholding Tax
===============

The `WHT Certificates` menu has been updated to include Branch selection, and users are required to select the Branch themselves.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/issues/new?body=module:%20l10n_th_account_tax_branch_operating_unit%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Ecosoft

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Ecosoft <http://ecosoft.co.th>`__:

  * Saran Lim. <saranl@ecosoft.co.th>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-Saran440| image:: https://github.com/Saran440.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/Saran440
    :alt: Saran440

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-Saran440| 

This module is part of the `OCA/l10n-thailand <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/tree/15.0/l10n_th_account_tax_branch_operating_unit>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[FIX] refactor to depend l10n_th_account_tax_branch

l10n_th_account_tax_branch_operating_unit/README.rst, after:

=============================================
Thai Localization - Tax branch Operating Unit
=============================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:115e9a1d4bc3ea04d4beb320245080db7356621b59ed46d87f1a9147c5b48adc
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fl10n--thailand-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/tree/15.0/l10n_th_account_tax_branch_operating_unit
    :alt: OCA/l10n-thailand
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/l10n-thailand-15-0/l10n-thailand-15-0-l10n_th_account_tax_branch_operating_unit
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/l10n-thailand&target_branch=15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows you to add branch within tax line and withholding tax.
By default, it depend on branch of header (if any)

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

you can config branch depend on journal following

#. Go to Invoicing > Configuration > Accounting > Journals
#. Select journal that you would default branch
#. Add branch in journal

Usage
=====

to use this module,

#. Select branch on invoices/bills
#. when there is tax, it will default from header

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/issues/new?body=module:%20l10n_th_account_tax_branch_operating_unit%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Ecosoft

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Saran Lim. <saranl@ecosoft.co.th>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-Saran440| image:: https://github.com/Saran440.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/Saran440
    :alt: Saran440

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-Saran440| 

This module is part of the `OCA/l10n-thailand <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/tree/15.0/l10n_th_account_tax_branch_operating_unit>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
