l10n_th_gov_account_asset_management/README.rst, before:

================================================
Thai Localization - Government Assets Management
================================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:f52adc6524fb614344f19385fd6e36cc6b5a2d1f78b53a86b5ff3afa0be9a67c
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fl10n--thailand-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/tree/15.0/l10n_th_gov_account_asset_management
    :alt: OCA/l10n-thailand
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/l10n-thailand-15-0/l10n-thailand-15-0-l10n_th_gov_account_asset_management
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/l10n-thailand&target_branch=15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds the following features to asset management, aimed to follow Thai Government regulations.

1. Asset Start Date from Accepted Date. (if any)
2. Add a feature to remove multi assets at the same time.
3. Add following fields to Asset
    - Purchase Order
    - Removed Reason
    - Employee
    - Location
    - Serial Number
    - Guarantee
    - Model
    - Brand
4. Change the display name of the asset.
5. Pass the asset number to the reference of the journal entry.
6. Add asset profile to purchase order line.

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Changelog
=========

15.0.2.1.0 (2023-04-04)

- Add new fields to enter additional information.
- Change the display name of the asset.
- Pass the asset number to the reference of the journal entry.
- Add asset profile to purchase order line.

15.0.2.0.0 (2023-03-24)

- Add feature to stamp analytic in all asset move line.

15.0.1.0.0 (2023-01-30)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

First version.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/issues/new?body=module:%20l10n_th_gov_account_asset_management%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Ecosoft

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Ecosoft <http://ecosoft.co.th>`__:

  * Pimolnat Suntian <pimolnats@ecosoft.co.th>
  * Saran Lim. <saranl@ecosoft.co.th>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-ps-tubtim| image:: https://github.com/ps-tubtim.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/ps-tubtim
    :alt: ps-tubtim

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-ps-tubtim| 

This module is part of the `OCA/l10n-thailand <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/tree/15.0/l10n_th_gov_account_asset_management>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] l10n_th_gov_account_asset_management: Migration to 16.0

l10n_th_gov_account_asset_management/README.rst, after:

================================================
Thai Localization - Government Assets Management
================================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:f52adc6524fb614344f19385fd6e36cc6b5a2d1f78b53a86b5ff3afa0be9a67c
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fl10n--thailand-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/tree/16.0/l10n_th_gov_account_asset_management
    :alt: OCA/l10n-thailand
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/l10n-thailand-16-0/l10n-thailand-16-0-l10n_th_gov_account_asset_management
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/l10n-thailand&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds the following features to asset management, aimed to follow Thai Government regulations.

1. Asset Start Date from Accepted Date. (if any)
2. Add a feature to remove multi assets at the same time.
3. Add following fields to Asset
    - Purchase Order
    - Removed Reason
    - Employee
    - Location
    - Serial Number
    - Guarantee
    - Model
    - Brand
4. Change the display name of the asset.
5. Pass the asset number to the reference of the journal entry.
6. Add asset profile to purchase order line.

Note: Users must have the permission "Enable Assets in Purchase" to view assets in the purchase order.

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/issues/new?body=module:%20l10n_th_gov_account_asset_management%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Ecosoft

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Ecosoft <http://ecosoft.co.th>`__:

  * Pimolnat Suntian <pimolnats@ecosoft.co.th>
  * Saran Lim. <saranl@ecosoft.co.th>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-ps-tubtim| image:: https://github.com/ps-tubtim.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/ps-tubtim
    :alt: ps-tubtim

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-ps-tubtim| 

This module is part of the `OCA/l10n-thailand <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-thailand/tree/16.0/l10n_th_gov_account_asset_management>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
